In the end, the number of new daily confirmed cases exceeded 2,000 for the first time since the introduction of the Korean Corona 19 (COVID-19) virus. The 4th stage, which is the highest intensity based on the new distance, was applied to the metropolitan area for a month, but the 4th pandemic was rather called. The fourth stage itself is rather looser than the past, and the medical industry has become a reality that it is not enough to prevent the spread of the pandemic. Delta mutation, which has more than twice the propagation power of existing viruses, became a dominant species and dug into the gap of 'loose four stages'. In the past month, it has been pointed out that "the window (set distance) was opened and the mosquito (delta variation) was caught." The Central Anti-Disease Headquarters of the Disease Control Agency said that the number of new coronas was 2,223 and the number of cumulative confirmed cases was 216,206 as of 0:00 on the 11th. It is the highest since the outbreak of the person. The number of confirmed cases was 1895 on the 28th of last month, and the total number of confirmed cases was 1,450 in Seoul, 107 in Incheon, and 648 in the Gyeonggi area. The total number of confirmed cases was 1405. This is also the largest ever in the metropolitan area. As the fourth pandemic progressed, the confirmation of the metropolitan area stagnated and the increase in the confirmation of the non-metropolitan area was steep, but the division of the metropolitan area and the non-metropolitan area itself became meaningless. Since the start of the fourth phase of the new distance setting in the metropolitan area, the medical community has been pointed out that the distance setting system is not enough to prevent the pandemic. It was pointed out that the third stage of the new distance setting standard in the non-metropolitan area (applied from the 27th of last month) is the same. The new distance setting system itself, which was unveiled on June 20th, was designed under the recognition that "the anti-virus has reached a new phase."At that time, the first vaccination of the Corona 19 vaccine was close to 30% of the population, so it was decided that the vaccine should be prepared in earnest. This included increasing the number of private gatherings and easing regulations on multi-use facilities rather than existing distance system. At the time of the announcement of the reform plan, it was pointed out that "everything is uncertain, but it sends a signal of excessive mitigation to the people." In fact, the 4th stage of the maximum intensity currently applied to the metropolitan area as of the new distance setting standard is rather looser than the 2.5 stage (the before-the-high intensity stage) under the existing distance setting system, which was being applied to the metropolitan area before the 4th pandemic. In the existing 2.5 stage, entertainment facilities, song driving ranges, and visiting sales were also prohibited. The general facility business restriction time was 9 pm, but only entertainment facilities were prohibited in the 4th stage of the new street, and the rest of the facilities were allowed to operate until 10 pm. It is pointed out that the government has a fishy word for the expression "short and thick 4th stage" declared by the government in the 4th stage of the metropolitan area in the early stage of the 4th pandemic. In addition, the Delta mutation virus, which has a power of 2.4 times stronger than the existing virus, spreads rapidly. The detection rate of delta mutation, which was 3.3% at the end of June, has risen to 61.5% recently and the detection rate for the past week has reached 73.1%. Delta variation is expanding rapidly through the 4th stage of the metropolitan area and the 3rd stage of the non-metropolitan area. The point that "opening the window and catching mosquitoes" was an expression that has been used tolerantly in the medical field for the past month. It is pointed out that the medical community should now strengthen the distance equivalent to "four-step plus alpha". Kim Woo-joo, a professor of internal medicine at Guro Hospital in Korea University, said, "Currently, the 4th stage of the metropolitan area is not high-intensity, and there is not much prohibition on the collection. "In Europe, thousands of confirmed cases occurred a day, and we had to choose to block it," said Professor of Internal Medicine at Gachon University Gil Hospital. "If the Delta mutation is affected, there is no way to deal with the blockade."[Seoul=Newsys] Syntax Reporter = The authorities will re-adjust the interval of mRNA-type Corona 19 vaccination, which has been notified for up to 8 weeks, to within 6 weeks. If the second vaccination is given during the Chuseok holiday due to the schedule adjustment, the vaccination task will be accelerated by 5 days. The government has been informed that the vaccination cycle of 11.56 million people who receive the second vaccination has been extended to six weeks since the 16th, when the vaccine supply of the mother is delayed, and the second vaccination is conducted eight weeks after the first vaccination. For the education and childcare workers, the vaccination cycle will be extended from three to five weeks in consideration of the schedule for the opening of the school. If the second vaccination reservation is due to Chuseok holidays, the vaccination day will be moved five days earlier so that the vaccination interval will not exceed six weeks. For example, "If the second vaccination automatic reservation is an additional holiday of the inoculation institution outside the Chuseok holiday, the medical institution can request a change of day by day through the public health center." If the individual inoculation target is inevitable, "He said. (Chuncheon, Wonju: News 1) Reporter Kim Jung-ho and reporter Shin Kwan-ho = The fourth major trend of Corona 19 is getting stronger nationwide, but the spread in Gangwon Province has not spread much and is relatively stable. According to Gangwon Province on the 11th, the number of new confirmed cases in the first week of August was 159, down 35 percent from the previous week (245). The number of new confirmed cases in the nation exceeded 2,000 for the first time during the Corona 19 crisis on the 10th, but the number of new confirmed cases in the province remained at a decrease of 19 from the previous day, with a small decline of 3 from the previous day. Gangneung City was the only place in the non-metropolitan area at the time, and when 14 new confirmed people were poured out during the day on the 24th of last month, Yangyang County immediately raised the distance to four levels on the 25th, the next day. At the same time, Cheolwon County implemented the third stage of distance setting considering the proximity of the metropolitan area. The decisive measures against the violators of the anti-virus regulations also contributed to the spread of corona 19. Gangneung City suspended the large hotel, which held a full party attended by dozens of people, and imposed 1.5 million won in penalties. Wonju City accused four people who had escaped from the self-pricing site of violating the Infectious Disease Prevention Act by applying the principle of zero tolerance. An official of Wonju City said, "We will strengthen the unscheduled inspection and monitoring of self-isolation to prevent the spread of community infection caused by the isolation of unauthorized access." On the 9th, Sokcho City accused a confirmed person who did not make a proper statement during the epidemiological investigation. This is the first time I have filed a complaint. (Seoul) Sung Do-hyun, reporter = The reservation rate for vaccination of new coronavirus infection (Corona 19) for people under 40 (18-49 years old) has exceeded 10% since 9th. According to the Corona 19 Immunization Response Promotion Team (Promotion Team) on the 11th, 166,18 out of a total of 1,576,441 people aged 18-49 years old, The reservation rate was 10.6% at 0:00 on the day of the vaccination reservation. The reservation for those who were born in 1972 ~ 2003 and whose birth date ended at '9' was held from 8:00 pm on the 9th to 6:00 pm on the previous day. Of the 14227 subjects, 841,727 (59.3%) completed the reservation. Of the 1,653,957 subjects, 824,291 (49.8%) completed the reservation for those whose birth date is '0' due to resident registration. The reservation started at 8 pm the day before and the final figure can be raised a little more by 6 pm on the day of the day. Anyone with the end date of birth date of '1' can book the date of inoculation from 8 pm to 12 pm . The subject is a person whose birthday is 1, 11, 21, and 31 of the 1972-2003 births. The 10th sub-booking is made available only on the same date as the end of the birthday, and will be held until the 19th of this month. After completing the self-certification procedure at the Corona 19 pre-booking system (ncvr2.kdca.go.kr), you can select the desired inoculation date, inoculation institution. If you get a simple certificate before the day before reservation through PASS, you can proceed with the certification without delay on the day of reservation. For smooth access, it is recommended to use after 8:30 pm. 10 Sub-bookers will receive Pfizer or Modern or Vaccine on the selected date of the next month from the 26th of this month to the 30th of next month. . The 36-49 year olds can be booked again from 8 p.m. to 6 p.m. on the 19th, and from 8 p.m. to 6 p.m. on the 21st, from 18 p.m. to 6 p.m. on the 18th of next month, anyone aged 18-49 can make additional reservations. (Suwon = News 1) Reporter Choi Dae-ho = Eleven acquaintances gathered to eat at a restaurant in Suwon, Gyeonggi Province, breaking the rules prohibiting private meetings of three or more people, and caused a new type of coronavirus infection (Corona 19). According to Suwon City and others on the 11th, 11 people including A and acquaintances gathered at a restaurant in Chang'an-gu, Gyeonggi Province, and ate together at 1-3 p.m. on the 1st.Seven people, including Mr. C, were confirmed to have been confirmed on the 6th ~ 7th of last month, and three more people were infected, including Mr. B, Mr. B's acquaintance, Mr. C's acquaintance, Mr. D. The government has been raising the social distance of the metropolitan area to four levels since the 12th of last month, as it has been reported that four members of the group who have been diagnosed by the diagnosis test have been self-disciplined. Prior to 6 pm, more than five private meetings are prohibited, and more than three private meetings are prohibited after 6 pm. If you violate this, you will be charged a fine of 100,000 won for individuals and a maximum of 3 million won for workplaces. 11 people including A are charged a fine of 100,000 won, and owner B is charged a fine of 3 million won. Suwon City will take administrative measures to impose penalties on them. A city official said, "As a result of the violation of the anti-virus regulations, we will strictly dispose of them according to the principle." Citizens should thoroughly observe the anti-virus regulations. "